I love the wild-card round that's what
we're talking about here a little bit of
Saturday NFL wild-card round football
Minnesota taking on Green Bay at Lambeau
Field the Packers laying about seven and
a half eight in most places total
sitting right around forty six this will
be a free pick from Marco in just a
moment but a lot like Cincinnati's
situation for the Minnesota Vikings
they've been in playoff mode for about
four weeks now they've had to win out
basically to get where they are here
when I look at what happened last week
on Sunday when they beat Green Bay 37 34
you had the monster of course in Adrian
Peterson who had the great game but
Christian Ponder played probably Marco
about as well as he could ever expect to
play in that game absolutely I mean it
was an absolute must win game for the
Vikings Green Bay they had a reason to
play because they were trying to lock
down the number 2 spot in the NFC but
you still had the luxury of knowing were
in the playoffs so it's a little easier
free roll for Green Bay not you know all
the pressure that Minnesota had and you
hit the nail on the head absolute
perfect game but Christian Ponder
I thought he would have an opportunity
make him I was on Minnesota and I was on
Minnesota big last week and I got to be
honest with you I'm watching that game
the whole time and I'm watching Adrian
Peterson carry this team on his back
like he does every single week but they
needed all those plays that Christian
Ponder made to still be nip and tuck
with Green Bay Green Bay just wouldn't
go away we may get a lot of bonehead
type miscues that they don't normally
make right top of it you know so can
Minnesota play a perfect game two weeks
in a row and now you got to flip the
script they're not playing at home with
the crowd indoors you're going to
Lambeau Field and it's gonna be a little
different situation I think this week in
Green Bay one of the things that I
remember reading a couple of days before
that game was the Friday before week 17
and ponder said this is the game that
will define my career talking about the
week 17 game now I know they want to
make it to the playoffs and they're
thinking we gotta win this game to get
to the postseason there was a couple of
other scenarios where they could have
lost made it but for a young quarterback
who's not that great as it is to be
looking at that game as almost like his
Super Bowl I don't know Brian Meeks it
makes me think that it's tough for him
to come back and do it again
we know what we're gonna get out of
Adrian Peterson 409 yards on 55 carries
in two games against Green Bay this year
he's gonna be fine
Jared Allen guys like that they can play
well but I don't know about Christian
Ponder I don't know it may have been a
confidence builder I mean I haven't
watched a whole lot of Vikings games
this year but he he normally doesn't
throw the ball downfield well he was
going down field last weekend his having
success that may be something they do
this week now Green Bay's defense K had
an off week and they're getting a pretty
good player back this week and secondary
yeah so it may be a different situation
plus you know you take a look at what
Minnesota has done when they've gone on
the road when they haven't played in a
dome it hasn't been that impressive so
it's gonna be interesting how this works
out I'm gonna play a little bit
differently I think you know you take a
look at Green Bay if my addition is
correct I had them going twenty-eight
and three straight up at home the last
31 games it's in the range right now
seven and a half eight points where it'd
be a nice teaser play and there's other
games out there to play and there might
be the way to go and in fact teasing
kind of a play offs have been very
profitable over the years
although the limits kind of drop down a
little bit from the books because well
is because they have out but anyway as
far as this market this is your free
pick and I just wanted to say this
Minnesota was able to get to Aaron
Rodgers both times they plant him seven
sacks now he's been sacked in the two
games this year against Minnesota
but he's still 55 475 651 yards five
touchdowns one pick they get not only
Charles Woodson back they get also
Randall Cobb back this week Jordy Nelson
was a little bit banged up in last
week's game he was going about 75
percent and was still a thorn in
Minnesota side I just don't know how
with a full boat
Minnesota Aaron Rodgers has his full
boat this week how Minnesota is able to
come up and even challenge this week
what do you think by the way this is
your free pick all right well thanks
all right yeah we've really we broke
this down for your very well Brian's
right Green Bay teaser outstanding play
I don't see Green Bay losing here
Christian Ponder
back to his defining his career I think
his career was defined when he got
married to Samantha I know probably
there okay so there was a good move
there I think that was the big
confidence builder but he did play a
perfect game last week and the thing is
he did it at home and he did it kind of
playing downhill because they never
trailed in that game last week they
jumped out to a 13 nothing lead it's
much easier to play at home with a crowd
a lead and a guy behind you named Adrian
Peterson he's not going to have the
crowd and I think Green Bay jumps out in
front in this game with Rogers and then
you're playing uphill and I don't think
he makes those pressure throws and he
caught this Green Bay secondary
off-guard and I thought he would have
that opportunity because they would be
keying in on Adrian Peterson going for
the record sure not gonna have that this
week I think this is a great spot for
the Green Bay Packers
I'll have the Packers on Sunday I'll lay
the points I'll also have the Packers
and a ton of teasers if Green Bay loses
outright I won't be hitting the buffets
this will blow up a lot of the MGM stock
will be going down this way he's Marco
he's on Green Bay - the points and he's
gonna tease a little bit I was gonna say
something ponder and a wife but I won't
when we come back got the Colts and
ravens as wildcard round continues stick
around for that and more right here at
pregame TV